Der ganze technische Kram (#29)
aul12/PraktischeITSicherheit-Intel-SGX: Summary/sections/2_2-EnclaveLifeCycle.tex

\subsection{Enclave Life Cycle}
The following section gives a brief overview about the different states of an enclave. Before an enclave can be used, it needs to be explicitly created (loaded) and initialized.

> Once completely initialized, using EENTER and EEXIT, the enclave can be called from untrusted code. Unused enclaves can also be destructed be using EREMOVE. The live cycle of an

Reviewer: Statt enclave can be called vielleicht functions in the enclave can be called?

of EP pages and thus cannot be initiated from user mode directly. Instead it is delegated to the (untrusted) OS. To ensure that the OS loads creates enclaves correctly and
especially does not temper with an enclave's content, the SGX implementation observes this process using an enclave's signature. The creation process works as follows
\cite{Costan2016IntelSE}:
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Using the ECREATE instruction a free EP is used to store the SECS of the to be created enclave. The SECS is marked as \textit{uninitialized}.
    \item EADD is used to load the initial code and data into EPs.
    \item Each page added with EADD is added to the enclave measurement using EEXTEND.
    \item EINIT is used to finalize the enclave creation process. This includes comparing the enclave measurement against the expected measurement to make sure that the enclave's
          content has been loaded correctly. The SECS is marked as \textit{initialized} and the enclave is now ready to use.
\end{enumerate}

\subsubsection{Calling an Enclave}

> An initialized enclave can be entered using the EENTER instruction. As stated previously this can only be done from user mode. Similarly to a syscall the context of the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An initialized enclave can be entered using the EENTER instruction. As stated previously this can only be done from user mode. Similarly to a system call the context of the current
```
syscall ist eher so umgangsprachlich
